README.md, before:

# makemore-language-model
a language model that create names. inspired by Andrej Karpathy

The model get enhanced as per the following implimentations 
1. Biagram - basic probability based model 
    - implemented in the [Language_Models]_makemore.ipynb
2. MLP: [A Neural Probabilistic Language Model](https://www.jmlr.org/papers/volume3/bengio03a/bengio03a.pdf)
    - implemented in the [Language_Models]_makemore_MLP.ipynb
3. CN: [Paper by deepmind](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.03499)
    - In progress
4. RNN: [Recurrent neural network based language model](https://www.fit.vutbr.cz/research/groups/speech/publi/2010/mikolov_interspeech2010_IS100722.pdf)
    - In progress
5. LSTM: [Generating Sequences With Recurrent Neural Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1308.0850)
    - In progress
6. GRU: [On the Properties of Neural Machine Translation: Encoder-Decoder Approaches](https://arxiv.org/abs/1409.1259)
    - In progress
7. Transformer [Attention Is All You Need](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762)
    - In progress

Commit message:

adding more paper references to the readme

README.md, after:

# makemore-language-model
a language model that create names. inspired by Andrej Karpathy

The model get enhanced as per the following implimentations 
1. Biagram - basic probability based model 
    - implemented in the [Language_Models]_makemore.ipynb
2. MLP: [A Neural Probabilistic Language Model](https://www.jmlr.org/papers/volume3/bengio03a/bengio03a.pdf)
    - implemented in the [Language_Models]_makemore_MLP.ipynb
    - "Kaiming init" paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/1502.01852
    - BatchNorm paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/1502.03167
    - Good paper illustrating some of the problems with batchnorm in practice: https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.07576
3. CN: [Paper by deepmind](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.03499)
    - In progress
4. RNN: [Recurrent neural network based language model](https://www.fit.vutbr.cz/research/groups/speech/publi/2010/mikolov_interspeech2010_IS100722.pdf)
    - In progress
5. LSTM: [Generating Sequences With Recurrent Neural Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1308.0850)
    - In progress
6. GRU: [On the Properties of Neural Machine Translation: Encoder-Decoder Approaches](https://arxiv.org/abs/1409.1259)
    - In progress
7. Transformer [Attention Is All You Need](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762)
    - In progress
